# CS-320
Software Test &amp; Automation QA

How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure?
Ensuring that the program, code, software us functional and secure will be done by using Junit, manual review, and peer review. Junit enables the code to be tested with different type of inputs. The inputs given to the code will contain false enteries and true entries. Based on the output of the code I will be able to determine what is working proporley and where to find/look for mistakes. Manually reviewing code also enables me to overlook the code and inspect it. Inspecting the code before testing it can provide me  with a different perspective and will allow me to find mistakes. Furthermore, having someone else look over my code will provide me with feedback that I was not able to catch. Having someone inspect my who is not biased will enable me to improve my code. 

How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program?
Interpreting the users needs is very imporatant to understand before initiating the development process. All developers must first know what and how to create code that will meet the clients requirements. Having meetings with the client/users will provide me with infomration in regards to what they expect from the project and it will also provide me the opportunity to discuss what is a core feature that must be incoporated in the system. The meetings will provide clarifiaction to the client about what can be created with the budget at hand and what will be left out. It is important to have the client/user understand that the projects have restrictions such as the budget and time given to develop the project. 

How do I approach designing software?
Designing software always begins with the SDLC for me. I must first understand what needs to done and for who. Having meetings to establish and determine what the requirements are for the project will provide a layout for me to understand what to create. This will also provide me with calrification about what needs to be created for the project and how. Once the requirments are clear I move on into the developement stage where I use the requirements to guide my work and dictate how the code should function. My work is seperated into different cases/sections that will enable me to take one requirement at a time and test it as while it is being developed. Once the requirement for a case/section if complete and functions correctly I will move on into the next requirement. Once the project is completed I will test it again as a whole to ensure that it opperates properly before labeling it as complete. 
